# Minutes

### 9/1 Meeting

11:15 Upson 349

Present: All

Absent: None

Meeting begins with pleasantries and small talk.
Evan discusses adding everyone to Github.
Turns out issue is with Cornell’s github enterprises system.
Evan adds everyone’s personal accounts..
Everyone sends Evan headshots to add to the website.
Begin writing the contract.
Various discussions about elements of the contract, etc (see contract for more details).
Contract signed.
We talk about adding more pages to the website..
Michael will add robot stuff to the lab1 page.
How to submit? Email to kirsten?
MEETING ADJOURNED at 12:06PM

### 9/15 Meeting:
11:15 Kimball B11

Present: All
Absent: Radhika, due to illness.  We hope she feels better soon :( 

We discuss the work we have done on our individual subteams and deliberate on how to tackle the rest of the objectives related to lab 2 and milestone 1. 
Optical team realizes they have not made the modifications necessary to make the Arduino light an LED in response to incident IR light, so we discuss when we can meet to work on that objective.
The robotics team explains that our robot is able to stop at junctions with extreme accuracy, but it is having trouble following a line.  We figure the reason the robot is having this trouble is because the servos that run the two wheels are not operating at the same speed.  The robotics team adds that the robot is having trouble moving forward in a straight line even when it is not attempting to follow a line, which further confirms our hypothesis. 

The meeting is adjourned at 12:06PM

### 9/29 Meeting
11:20 AM, Hollister B11

Present: Evan, TJ, Frannie, Radhika, Katherine, Michael
Absent: None

1. Discussed buying new IR sensor that uses digital pins
	* Pros: 
		* only uses one digital pin, rather than 3-4 analog pins
		* Makes line following easier
	* Cons: 
		* Costs go towards our budget
	* Radhika will email Kirstin to try to buy part
2. Explained Finite State Machine
	* Need a method where the input is a Direction enum, and it will turn and follow a line until the next junction.
3. Chose teams for lab 3
	* Acoustic team: TJ, Michael, Frannie
	* Graphics team: Katherine, Radhika, Evan

MEETING ADJOURNED at 12:05 PM

### 10/20 Meeting
11:20 AM, Hollister B11

Present: Evan, TJ, Frannie, Radhika, Katherine, Michael

Absent: None

1. Lab today
	* Working to combine the VGA and wireless communication teams
	* Need to do integration part, update maze part
	* Idea is to send 2 8-bit arrays
2. Milestone 3 due Monday Oct 30th
	* Need:
		* Working algorithm that explores maze
		* Indication that robot is done
		* In real life and in simulation
	* To do:
		* Line sensing, following and turning - Katherine and Radhika
		* Editing chassis and wall sensors - Michael, Frannie
		* Compiling code for full robot - TJ, Evan
3. Future work
	* PCB stuff - Michael, TJ, Katherine
	* Algorithm - Radhika, Frannie
	* Update website - Katherine, Evan

Motion to Adjourn: TJ

Seconded: Evan

MEETING ADJOURNED at 12:05 PM


